Draft/opl gr (#6)
RoboCupAtHomeJP/Rule2023: rules/OPL/gr_en.md

1. When told to do so by the referees or the TC member monitoring the test, the team must immediately stop the robot, and remove it from the Arena without disturbing the ongoing test.

### Start signal

The default start signal (unless stated otherwise) is door opening. Other start signals are allowed but must be authorized by the Technical Committee (TC).

### Entering and leaving the Arena

1. **Start position**: Unless stated otherwise, the robot starts outside of the Arena.

1. **Entering**: The robot must autonomously enter the Arena right after the door is opened.

> **Note**
> After the robot enters through the `door open`, it is possible to close the door that was used. In this case, if the robot is not blocking the passage, it is considered as entered.

### Operators

In RCJ2023, operators of robots are generally allowed to be from the same team. However, in some cases, operators other than the same team may be selected by the organizers.

### Time limits

In RCJ2023, the time limits set for each task are strictly followed, and there are no additional points for completing a task quickly.

### Restart

> In RCJ2023, teams are allowed to restart as many times as they want within the time limit. However, the points earned until the restart point will be reduced to half.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In RCJ2023, teams are allowed to restart as many times as they want within the time limit. However, the points earned right after the restart will be reduced to half.
```
